README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Tools
tailwind css
[shadcn-ui](https://shadcn-ui.com)
[lucide.dev](https://lucide.dev) for icons
[kinde.com](https://kinde.com) for authentication

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

implemented image upload and case customization

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Tools
[tailwind css](htttps://tailwindcss.com) for css
[shadcn-ui](https://shadcn-ui.com) for ui components ++
[lucide.dev](https://lucide.dev) for icons
[kinde.com](https://kinde.com) for authentication
[react-drop-zone](https://react-dropzone.js.org/) for file upload by drop
[uploadthing](https://uploadthing.com) for file upload
[framer-motion](https://framer.com)
[zod](https://zod.dev)
[neon database](https://neon.tech)
[prisma ORM](https://prisma.io) 
[sharp](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sharp)
[react-rnd](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-rnd/v/7.0.0) dragging and resizing custom image

## Getting Started

First install packages: 
```
pnpm install
```

then run the development server:
```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.


This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
